Update meta descriptions for 25 most popular Learn pages (#1370)
astronomer/docs: learn/connections.md

---
title: "Manage connections in Apache Airflow"
sidebar_label: "Connections"
id: connections
---

<head>

>   <meta name="description" content="View tips on how to set up, manage, and maintain different types of connections in Apache Airflow. Use example connection configurations as the basis for your own connections." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="description" content="Learn how to set up, manage, and maintain different types of connections in Apache Airflow. Use example connection configurations as the basis for your own connections." />
```

>   <meta name="og:description" content="View tips on how to set up, manage, and maintain different types of connections in Apache Airflow. Use example connection configurations as the basis for your own connections." />

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <meta name="og:description" content="Learn how to set up, manage, and maintain different types of connections in Apache Airflow. Use example connection configurations as the basis for your own connections." />
```
